mr. cam has been working with snakes
since he was 10 years old for 53 years
so there's probably no one in the world
better equipped to show me how to deal
with these incredible creatures please
no way
this is a king cobra at this size he
kind of expected to be a Python but it's
not it is the largest venomous snake in
the world even though this is a snake
with incredible capabilities you can see
that all it really wants to do is escape
from danger
its first instinct is to flee to get
away but when it realizes that mr. cam
here doesn't want to let it go it's
putting on a big display to make itself
seem larger make it seem more
threatening and it is absolutely
unimaginably vast see this snake is
getting on four four meters long and as
it stands up and spreads its ribs into a
hood like the molecule Cobra before it
it just looks huge his head as the size
of my hand and the fangs along thin
needles that can inject huge amounts of
venom even deep into the muscle that's
what allows it to work so quickly and
why it is so potentially dangerous to
people he really is just figuring me out
and just making sure that I keep my
distance as long as I'm exactly where I
am now I'm safe if I got even a few
inches closer he'd be able to bite me
okay what I'd really like to do is to
show you a preys eye view of a kink over
up close
thanks Josh it's not running oh yeah
asleep this big can almost stand up and
look me in the eye they can hold a third
of their body length off the ground
which means that 18 foot long snake can
stand up six feet that's as tall as me
you see that tongue flicking out tasting
me on the air he's looking a little bit
of his reflection in the camera and a
little bit of me see the intelligent to
this snake he's not looking at the
camera because that's an inanimate
object he's more focused looking down
the camera down my arm and at me because
he knows that that's the thing he might
have to bite though this is one of the
most frightening animals in the world
and nothing gives you quite the same
degree of fear in tension as a king
cobra it is also an animal that is so
regal so majestic I mean you can see why
they call it the king the king cobra the
most magnificent regal snake in the
world but it's going on my list because
it's the ultimate killer of other snakes
utterly magnificent